Add Concurrency Assumptions to tutorial (#51)
mirage/irmin.org: data/tutorial/architecture.md

or nodes) are stored as a pair `(hash(value), value)` and therefore a value can
be accessed using its hash.

A collection of block stores is available in Irmin, but you can create your own
using the interface [Irmin.CONTENT_ADDRESSABLE_STORE] as long as the following

> are guaranteed:

Reviewer: These seem like odd constraints to specify. Isn't it inherently true that any reads of a single key will return the same value? (since the value is content-addressed). Similarly, aren't all reads of a single key going to return the unique value that is addressed by that key?

Is this about hash collisions? If so, why specify _concurrent_ reads / writes?

Author: It's not about hash collisions. I was trying to preserve the structure of https://github.com/mirage/irmin/wiki/Concurrency, which maybe has a better phrasing. 

The point is to specify the behaviour in case of concurrent reads/writes, which agree, does not make a lot of sense for the content store.  But you want to prevent the content store to be a random number generator let's say, and this is up to the user to enforce it.

Reviewer: I agree that one needs to enforce such constraints, but think they should be tightened to require _all_ writes of the same value to return the same key, not only those that are concurrent (and similarly for reads).

In the case of the block store, I feel that this is not really a concurrency assumption so much as a 'satisfies content-addressed semantics' assumption.

> - concurrent reads using the same key returns the same value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- concurrent reads using the same key return the same value;
```

Branches are stored in the reference store as pairs of `(hash(commit), branch)`.

As for the block store, you can choose a reference store from the ones provided
by Irmin, or you can create your own using the interface
[Irmin.ATOMIC_WRITE_STORE]. The operations you have to implement need to
satifisy some constraints:

> - concurrent reads of the same branch name return the same hash, that is the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- concurrent reads of the same branch name return the same commit hash
```
I think this clarification only introduces confusion :slightly_smiling_face: The two things are not the same.

>   same commit. Updates of a branch name to a given commit should be consistent:

Reviewer: 'consistent' seems like an odd word here: eventual consistency is not sufficient. Perhaps 'sequentially consistent' instead?

  subsequent reads of a branch name should always result in the last hash which
  has been written.

- writes are implemented using two operations. `set` updates a branch name to a
  given hash, but provides no guarantees in the case of concurrent writes.
  `test_and_set` is a two step operation: (1) it first checks what is the
  current hash of a branch name and (2) it then updates the branch name to a new
  hash. This two step operation needs to be atomic to guarantee that in case of

>   concurrent writes the _fastest_ write only updates the branch name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  concurrent writes only the _fastest_ write updates the branch name.
```
Pretty sure this is what is meant.

The `master` branch references the latest commit.

As mentioned, Irmin has a few _types_ of stores available: the in-memory store

> and the git store that we have seen in section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and the Git store that we have seen in section
```

> [Getting started](/tutorial/getting-started), but also some other that you can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Getting started](/tutorial/getting-started), but also some others that you can
```

> explore on [github]. In the next section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
explore on [GitHub][github]. In the next section
```

> explore on [github]. In the next section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
explore on [github]. In the [next section](/tutorial/backend)
```
And remove "Writing a storage backend" below.
